Brother Zhen is really happy today
Later or not
I really don't know what to do anymore.
No sweat.
Yes
Oh really
Ah it's alright
I'll do it myself
What's the matter with Chen An?
I must talk about it when I go back. He doesn't need it anymore, mom.
There we go.
Xiaoxue, wait for me
Light Snow
Haven't slept yet
Where would you like to go with him?
I'm here to have dinner with the kindergarten
Is your friend male or female?
What's up?
I was in the restaurant just now.
You see a pretty girl wiping your mouth
Aren't you happy
You follow me?
If I hadn't happened to show up at the restaurant
I haven't seen you with this
Pretty girl dating
Xiaoxue, Miss Wu and I
Just friends.
Don't think about it.
OK
Good idea.
Then you can live with your ordinary friend.
Can't I go?
Hey
Son, why are you still here?
Hurry up and chase Xiaoxue
It's okay, let's get a little angry with me
Xiaoxue is pregnant
Oh, dear.
I was going to tell you the good news today
I didn't expect it.
I saw you having dinner with other women